# Save-For-Future
"Save for future" in our context does not mean saving money for future, which is the norm in our world today. 
For a change, lets save our environment from the morons of today's world so that we can hand over whatever minimal is left to the next generation.

# Objective
A platform to connect all the good hearted folks who worry about our environment today and strive to change as little as one can contribute for the next gen.

# What we want to do?

1. Platform to connect people who want to utilize their unused land (plot) by planting trees and doing something useful with people who can actually plant the trees/plants and take care of them.
2. Platform to connect people who want to setup a terrace garden but don't know how to start with people who have done it.
3. A place where one can buy souvenirs that can be used to spread powerful messages. Example: I have this in my car - “I follow traffic rules. I am the change”. I had to search all over amazon to get this one sticker, and i keep buying it again and again. We can have a plethora of those and can be the one place where people can buy these kind of stuff. Some will buy this atleast to show off, which is ok. Our objective is that the message should be spread, and even if 10% of the people who read the message attempt to follow it, its great win. We can slowly start doing T-shirts. Hopefully, someday we will deliver t-shirts to a walkathon or any green gathering. This will be our only option to make any money. These products should be made from some form of green waste or recycled from somewhere. I dont know from where, but we will figure out.

# Self Serve suggestions:
1. Save RO excess water. Every house has RO systems these days. Most ROs excrete 4 litres of clean (probably not consumable, but still valuable for 50% of world’s population) water to prepare 1 litre of water we think is consumable. Can we use that water for something else? Car wash? Cleaning house? Watering plants? Etc?
2. Paper usage: We all fall into the trap of blindly following western culture even with usage of toilet papers, paper towels, etc. The westerners call themselves Green but they use tons of paper in every household everyday, because they bully other countries and get the trees from Africa and other nations. We have been green for years before someone invented the word “Green”. Lets continue using handkerchiefs and reduce the usage of paper waste. It was heartening to see in my daughter’s school, they reuse the one sided paper for some exercises. Some might call them Cheap, i call them Responsible.
3. Emit less: If there is an opportunity to travel by means of emitting less smoke to the environment, and reduce one less vehicle on the road. Just because you are travelling in an AC car, does not increase your life expectancy. Remember, you are contributing to lowering the life expectancy of every individual by using your vehicle.  If you still have to use a vehicle to travel long distance, use a means that can carry other passengers also, so that you are reducing the number of vehicles on the road even if it means by 1. Example: Car pool with friends, use bla-bla car, use buses, trains, etc.
4. Follow traffic rules: Be the change, follow traffic rules. Following traffic rules will actually speed up our traffic and reduce our blood pressures when compared to not following it. People are increasingly becoming immune to honking. Doctors today are aware that if you went to a doctor after driving, they look at your blood pressure (if it is elevated) with a pinch of salt. None of us are going to make a significant change to ourselves or the outside world by breaking the traffic rules and reaching a minute earlier.
5. Yeild to an Ambulance: Sit back and think, are we really that busy to race with an ambulance? Really? If you think yes, i'd like to talk to you.
